[Google OA](https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/738215/Google-OA)

Given two arrays A and B of size N, that represents 2 rows of N tiles each.

Assuming 0 based indexing, you can start from the first tile of either row A or B and your goal is to reach the last tile of either row i.e the terminating position must be A[n-1] or B[n-1].

You are supposed to end of either row A or B through a series of jumps. You can jump from one tile to another tile, that is atmost C distance away from current tile, in either row.

if you are at tile i of either of the 2 rows, in 1 move you can jump to any of the tiles from index i+1 to i+C(both inclusive) of any row. Let's call this index J.

Every tile has a cost assosiated with it, which is added to your total cost to use that tile. Dpeneding on the row you choose to start with, cost of the tile A[0] or B[0] is initially added, and then depending on the jumps made, the cost of choosen tile is added.

There is one small problem though, if you jump from a tile in row A to tile in row B or vice-versa, an additional cost od D is incurred for changing rows(i.e if you jump from A[i] to any element from B[i+1] to B[i+c] or form B[i] to any element from A[i+1] to A[i+c]).

if you make jump in same array, no extra cost will be incurred(i.e jumping from A[i] to any element from A[i+1] to A[i+c] or from B[i] to any element from B[i+1] to B[i+c]).

Find the minimum cost needed to reach from the starting tile to ending tile.

NOTE: As the answer can be very large, retun your answer MOD 10^9+7.

答案: 这题也是看前c个元素 和[6206. Longest Increasing Subsequence II](https://leetcode.cn/problems/longest-increasing-subsequence-ii/) 区别在于 6206是连续数字所以可以用线段树  本题可以使用单调队列优化
 [656. Coin Path](https://leetcode.cn/problems/coin-path/)  一样的题目

-----------

[Uber | OA | SDE intern | On Campus |](https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/2067221/Uber-or-OA-or-SDE-intern-or-On-Campus-or)

枚举分割点 然后就是编辑距离了

----------

[Uber OA | 6 Month Internship | 2023 | Off Campus](https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/2624313/Uber-OA-or-6-Month-Internship-or-2023-or-Off-Campus)

Given two non-empty strings  `str1`  and  `str2`, both the strings consist of only lowercase Latin letters. Your task is to calculate the number of different pairs of  `(a b)`  such that  `a`  is a substring of  `str1`,  `b`  is a subsequence of  `str2`, and the content of  `a`  and  `b`  are the same.

A string  `s`  is called a substring of  `str`, if you can form  `s`  from  `str`  by removing. characters from the start and end of  `str`. Two substrings  `str[x1...y1]`  and  `str[x2...y2]`  are considered different if  `x1 != x2`  or  `y1 != y2`.  
For example - "uber" and "eats" are two different substrings of "ubereats" whellas  
"ubee" is not a substring.

A string  `s`  is called a subsequence of  `str`, if you can form  `s`  from  `str`  by removing characters at any position of  `str`. Two subsequences  `p`  and  `q`  are considered different if at least one character present in  `p`  has a different position in the original string for the corresponding character in  `q`.  
For example - "ubee" and "ubea" are two different subsequences of "ubereats" whereas "uby" is not a subsequence.

**Sample Input**

```
str1 = "aa"
str2 = "aa"

```

**Sample Output**

```
5

```

**Explanation**

```
Following are the valid (a b) pairs (str1[1..1] str2[1.11)
(str1 [1 . . 1] str2[1 . . 1)
(str1[1 . . 1] str2[2 . . 2])
(str1 [2..2] str2[1. .1])
(str1 [2..2] str2 [2. .21)
(str1 [1..21 str2 [1..21)

```

-   **[execution time limit] 1 seconds (cpp)**
    
-   **[input] string str1**
    
    The First Input string consists of lowercase Latin letters [1 <= length(str1) <= 20001]
    
-   **[input] string str2**
    
    The second input string consists of lowercase Latin letters [ 1 <= length(str2) <=  
    2000]
    
-   **[output] integer**
    
    The number of different (a b) pairs such that "a" is a substring of str1, "b" is a subsequence of str2 and the content of "a" and "b" are the same. The answer  
    can be large, print it modulo 1000000007 (1e9 + 7).

答案: 
dp[i][j] = dp[i][j-1] + (dp[i-1][j-1] if str1[i] == str2[j] else 0)

-----------

<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbODA4Nzk2MTE1LC04MDU3NDI4NzVdfQ==
-->