[Google | L3 - L4 | Europe | Reject](https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-experience/1760495/Google-or-L3-L4-or-Europe-or-Reject)

Q4:

You are writing an internet server for a version of Battleship game. The game is played on a fixed grid 10 x 10, where a  
player places game pieces called "ships". Ships are rectangles 1 x N with fixed counts of expected ships of each size N.  
Player arranges them arbitrarily, some horizontal and some vertical. Ships are not allowed to touch each other, either  
by sides or corners - there should be at least one empty space between them (note that this is different from popular  
rules of this game where ships can touch).

Players submit initial board position to your server. We don't trust client, it can be modified to win games unfairly or  
to hack into our server. We need to validate whether the submitted board is correct.

public record Ship(Integer x, Integer y, Boolean isHorizontal, Integer length) {}

As an input we are getting a list of ships.

Followups: What if we have constrains about how many ships of given len should be on board?  
Followups: What if board size can be changed?

----------------

[Glassdoor Google Question](https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/1136172/Glassdoor-Google-Question)

This questionw was asked in a Google interview and I found it really interesting.

`We have a matrix of numbers. If we select a window inside the matrix, what would be the average of the numbers inside that window?`

就是304 力扣

----------
[JP MORGAN (London) | OA | Growth in 2D](https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/2792677/JP-MORGAN-%28London%29-or-OA-or-Growth-in-2D)


<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTE1NDg0NzQxMDUsODI2NTE1MjQ3LDIwND
MxODkzMzVdfQ==
-->