[Google Onsite LinkedList Question](https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/2274143/Google-Onsite-LinkedList-Question)

Hi everyone, I encountered this problem during my Google Virtual Onsite Interview and still I could not figure out the Solution.

Given a Doubly Linked list, find a minimum number of API calls ( move()) to sort the given Linked List. we can only use the move() method to move the node value. We can iterate over the LinkedList elements as many times as we want but the task is to minimize the move() calls and sort the LinkedList.

Example LinkedList 5 -> 2 -> 4 -> 3 -> 1 -> 6

move() - function takes node_val that you want to move and the position of where you want to place the node at. For example, if you want to pick node_val 5 and place it between 1 and 6 you can use move(5,1,6). The interviewer mentioned the move function is flexible and we can use an index as well to move the node. The way the function works is It would delete the node_val 5 and place it between 1 and 6 like this 2->4->3->1->5->6. This is defined as a 1 move() call.

Our task is to minimize the move() call to sort the given LinkedList. For this linkedList 5 -> 2 -> 4 -> 3 -> 1 -> 6, minimum move() calll is 3 to sort the list.

2->4->3->1->5->6 <-- move 1  
1->2->4->3->5->6 <-- move 2  
1->2->3->4->5->6 <-- move 3

求最长递增子序列即可

-----

[Google Onsite - London](https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/2526280/Google-Onsite-London)

I recently did an interview for google (L4) and I failed in one of the rounds. The question was:

Supposing that you have a stream of integer, implement the following two methods to return the median value (value of the middle. It's not the mean). The median value does not need to be exact. It can be within a range of 2^n-1 to 2^n+1.  
For example:  
**addValue(1)**  
**addValue(6)**  
**addValue(10)**  
**getMedian()**  can return any value between 4 to 7.

Hint: After some time I was using 2 priority queues to calculate the median. However, the interviewer highlighted that he don't need the exact median, but any of the values within the range, as can be seen in the above example.  
Hint 2: the solution seems to be to have an array with 64 buckets and every time a value is added, this array will increment 1 on the bucket where the value belongs to. To be honest I didn't understand the question completely and that's one of the reasons I didn't have time enough to implement, thus I failed.

It is almost like that, with the difference that they were not waiting an exact value as the return. As explained, the return can be any value in a range.  
This makes all the difference in the algorithm. If you need an exact value, the traditional approach would be to use 2 heaps to control the mid values. In the given context, you should not use 2 heaps, instauras you will have an array of buckets and you need to count how many of the numbers are on each bucket in order to determine the median value, and you can return any value that fits on the bucket

----

[Google | Onsite | USA](https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/1856575/Google-or-Onsite-or-USA)

Given a dictionary of words (sorted lexicographically) and a prefix string, return all the words that start with the given prefix.  
Solved this by doing a binary search on the input and char comparision.

**Follow-up:**  what if the input is not sorted. I mentioned that we would implement a Trie, but I was not fully able to finish the implementation within the time. Could be penalized for this? idk.

左边界是 bisect_left(words, prefix)
prefix_new 是 prefix最后一个字符大一个
右边界是 bisect_left(words, prefix_new)

没必要trie 直接暴力即可

---------

[Google | Onsite | Phone Interviews](https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/882062/Google-or-Onsite-or-Phone-Interviews)

```
Kth element in 2 sorted arrays

Given two sorted arrays find the kth smallest element in the two arrays

```
----------

[Google phone interview](https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/815580/Google-phone-interview)

find number of occurances of k in sorted integer array : o(logn)

----------

[Google SDE](https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/519611/Google-SDE)

Write an efficeint program to find the lexicographically smallest and largest substring starting with a vowel and ending with consonant.  
PS: 1. You can't find all substrings and sort, it will TLE for large test cases, think better.  
2. Substrings are continuous.  
Eg: abust  
smallest: ab  
largest ust

首先计算出所有vowel对应的位置 然后计算出所有consonant对应的位置并且从小到大排序 1.求最小的 从小到大遍历vowel 刚开始是a 对于a的所有位置二分求出右边第一个consonant的位置 然后依次进行比较 
这里有一个可以优化的地方 如果出现aaa.....b 那么后面两个a可以省略

------------

[Microsoft | OS | SDE II](https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/2092256/Microsoft-or-OS-or-SDE-II)

This question asked in Microsoft still hangs in my mind and I did not get any answers yet.

You created a set of slides with pages 1,2,3....x and gave for review.  
The reviewer re-arranged it as 4,5,1,2,3. You need to find minimum displacement to get back original array.  
eg: 4 5 1 2 3  
Ans : 2 exp: its either move 1 2 3 to front or 4 5 to back. Minimum us 4,5 which is 2.

答案: 求最长递增子序列即可

-----------

[Microsoft Phone](https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/1735588/Microsoft-Phone)

```
Given the positions of houses and routers on a horizontal line, return the minimum radius of the routers such that all houses have wifi.
All routers have the same radius.

Example 1:
Input: houses=[1,2,3], routers=[2]
Outpu: 1

Example 2:
Input: houses=[1,2,3,4], routers=[1,4]
Output: 1

Example3:
Input: houses=[1,5], routers=[2]
Output: 3
```

----

google oa 帖子删除了

给定一个长度为m的数组和一个长度为n的数组，将长度为m的数组复制n份连接起来，将长度为n的数组复制m份连接起来，这样得到两个长度为mn的数组，然后对两个数组的对应位置计算abs(list1[i]-list2[i])，求和

假设m大于n 求m和n的最大公因数为x 最小公倍数为y 那么mn肯定是y的倍数 对于m的倍数一直到y 对n取模为 x 2x 3x ...... 0  所以就是一个循环 间隔就是x x
m=18 n=12  0:0; 18:6; 36:0  6 0 6 0 .... 6 
只需要对
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTM5OTc3MDQzMSwxNjg3NTg2NjAxLC0xMj
Y0Nzk1NTUzLC0yMDU0Mzc3MzU1LC00OTQyMzUzMDIsMjAyMDE3
ODY3OSwxMDMxOTE3NjA1LC0xNDY2Nzg0OTc2XX0=
-->