[Intel OA Arithmetic Expression](https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/2737730/Intel-OA-Arithmetic-Expression)

Bob is a studious boy. He is very interested in solving difficult mathematical problems in no time. By seeing his talent, Bob's teacher gave him a problem and asked him to solve it as soon as possible.

The problem was, Bob has been given an arithmetic expression A, the integer P, and M and he has to find the smallest non-negative value of x in expression A such that the remainder of dividing A by M equals P. Consider that solution do exist for the problems provided to him. Therefore, if the principles of distribution are applied to expression A (Formally, the expression A is a polynomial of the first degree in variable x).

Can you help Bob with a program to solve the problem in a minimum amount of time.

**Input Format:**  
The first line of input contains the expression A.  
The second line of input contains two integers P i M.  
The arithmetic expression A will only consist of characters , -, , (, ), x, and digits from 0 to 9. The brackets will always be paired, the operators , - and will always be applied to exactly two values (there will not be an expression (-5) or (4 -5)) and all multiplications will be explicit (there will not be an expression 4(5) or 2(x)).

**Output Format:**  
The first and only line of output must contain the smallest non-negative value of variable x.

**Constraints:**  
i. A (1 ≤ |A| ≤ 105)  
ii. P (0 ≤ P ≤ M − 1) i M (1 ≤ M ≤ 106)

**Sample Input 1:**  
4+x+2  
8 9

**Sample Output 1:**  
2

**Explanation 1:**  
Arithmetic expression, A: 4+x+2  
P: 8 M: 9  
Here, by solving the given equation, we will get:  
If x = 0, then the remainder of dividing 4 x 2 with 9 is 6, which is not equal to P.  
If x = 1, then the remainder of division 4 x 2 with 9 is 7, which is not equal to P.  
If x = 2, then the remainder of division 4 x 2 with 9 is 8, which is equal to P.  
Hence, as an output, it will print 2 as the smallest value of variable x.

**Sample Input 2:**  
2(x+(x+3)*9)  
2 6  
**Sample Output 2:**  
1

**Explanation 2:**  
Arithmetic expression, A: 2(x+(x+3)9)  
P: 2 M: 6  
Here, by solving the given equation, we will get:  
If x = 0, then the remainder of dividing 2 ( x+( x+3 ) 9 ) with 6 is 0, which is not  
equal to P.  
If x = 1, then the remainder of division 2 ( x+(x+3) 9 ) with 6 is 2, which is equal to P.  
Hence, as an output, it will print 1 as the smallest value of variable x.

答案 先对表达式进行化简 然后数学计算 ax+b % p = m ,, ax + b = ?p + m ,, ax = ?p + c ,, x = (?p + c) / a 
a c p都是已知的 
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTE3Njg0MjExNThdfQ==
-->