[Google Telephonic interview question](https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/2029099/Google-Telephonic-interview-question)

I have been asked int google telephonic interview this simple question but unable to resolve it in given 45 time limit,  
The question is: U need to design structure in which it will nee to implement following 2 methods :

1.  public void insertOrReplace(long index, long number)
2.  public long findSmallestIndex(long number)  
    so the first one is to insert the number on the index given by the user, index can be any number of long type and if at the same index another number comes it will replace that number  
    2nd method is need to be implemented int which user will be given any number and we need to return the smallest index of that number  
    Ex :  
    index->number sequence  
    2->100  
    1->100  
    3->100  
    5->100  
    if any user does findSmallestIndex(100) , output will be 1  
    2-> 200  
    if new number 200 comes at index 2 then 100 will be present only at indexs 1,3 &5 and 2nd index will be removed.
    
heap延迟删除 

-----

[Google Online assessment](https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/2390064/Google-Online-assessment)

I was asked this question in google online assessment and I wanted to check with the community if anyone can help me. We have a chat application and each transaction has a sender and receiver. Every message has a sender user and a receiver user. for every chat message the registerTransaction method is called. at any moment we need a getMostActiveUser which returns the user with most number of other users he/she is transacting with. I implemented a solution with a map of username -> hashtable of users user is interacting with. And we keep a maxTransactions and activeuser variable to keep track. I implemented following way which I think has O(1) for both methods. As an extension I was asked if we need to implement new method called removeUser(String user) which removes this user from all counting. I could not think of any way other than removing that user from map and getting the next highest count from the map. which has O(n) complexity. interviewer asked for better optimization which I could not come up with. I was told I did not pass the Online assessment. Can anyone suggest me better way to implement this?

you can use a heap to keep track the tuples of ( # of trascations , id) and hashmap to record the # of trascations for each id. If the max (# of trascations, id) in the heap does not match the transcation ct for id in the hashmap, remove (# of trascations , id) from the heap and move to the next largest. if match, you find the max # of trascations

-----

[Bloomberg | Phone | Most traded](https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/2670270/Bloomberg-or-Phone-or-Most-traded)

What's the most efficient solution to implement the two below functions? Any ideas?

-   execute_trade(ticker,volume)
-   most_traded(n)

-   execute_trade('IBM',600)
-   execute_trade('NFLX',800)
-   execute_trade('AAPL',700)
-   execute_trade('AMZN',1000)
-   execute_trade('AAPL',400)
-   execute_trade('GOGL',1200)
-   most_traded(3)
-   GOGL 1200
-   AAPL 1100
-   AMZN 1000
-   most_traded(3)
-   most_traded(4)
-   most_traded(5)

heap 

<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbMTQxMTE3MDMzNCwtMTQ2OTEzNDE4NV19
-->